for the serious gamer
what's up my freakish children of the
dark this is an ngt elite team special
presentation rampage with rappy cos I'm
guns from mother and higher yeah not so
bad actually I'm just old nerdy gamer do
love it we thought it'd be fun if you've
seen the other one we did a search and
destroy m9 sort of production now in
terms of the strategies here we pretty
much follow the same strategies almost
every time regardless as to what weapon
I have the problem is is with the there
Africa's or whatever you want to call
them I know I think killer girl God
calls him rafika I don't know whatever
sounds like paprika like a spice you
should put it on in an chulada or
something so anyway the rapa cos and of
course you know you can hear us it's
it's all about communication you gotta
listen to the communication especially
if there's people with riot shields and
stuff they may actually have had riot
shields because we were experimenting i
believe this night we were trying to do
riot shields only word you know we were
having a lot of fun and yeah we were we
won but they weren't like the greatest
games ever so here we thought okay well
this isn't too bad it's like having a
mini famas or m16 in your hand I mean
it's not as powerful but it's got that
three round burst shot and it's kind of
fun to play with I'd think I do have FMJ
on this I don't know you guys maybe you
would have seen it or I don't know how
the hell you would tell but I originally
I had silencer on it definitely though
with the the raffica fragment now is
killer grabs always messed me up now I
don't know how we could call it that gun
I'm holding you FMJ is actually probably
a good one to have on it yeah you know
you can put on friggin I think you can
have even holographic sights or whatever
on it but I like the FMJ I mean you want
to have the extra power it's a sidearm
for god sakes definitely is helpful
sound like you're gonna be hiding from I
get lucky there look at that just barely
nip them in the kidneys yeah nipton
doesn't sound too aggressive a it's not
like I killed I'm gonna blues goddamn
head off no I nipped him in the kidneys
just a little scratch there you go
sleepy sleepy yeah anyway it's fun you
guys should definitely I mean if you
have a team it's fun to try these things
and the the rapha kazar and actually not
that bad to handle their kind of easy I
mean I would imagine almost any of the
automatic pistols we should probably try
the g18 s the peepee peepee I said pee
pee yeah anyway we're definitely going
to try and do almost all weapons I mean
I can't wait I want our whole team to
use the m21 so some of them you know
they keep prestiging and losing that
weapon it's the last sniper rifle but
definitely I want to do a search and
destroy where everyone uses the vm 21s
Damon I thought that claim was totally
going to kill him I think I'd die here I
die here now no my teammate cleans it up
anyway you know we want to try
everything like the f2000 it's fun to
use these things man it's it really is i
mean if you're getting bored with modern
warfare 2 or at least it's becoming a
little little stagnant for you then
doing something like this can be a lot
of fun I mean it sets a little bit more
of a challenge for you and you know what
it makes you laugh when everyone on the
other team is getting killed by the same
tiny teeny little weenie gun it could be
a little frustrating it's not like we're
hiding it's not like we're using the
typical scar or the m16 or the ACR we
were using these little handguns we did
the m9 on sub base that was fun that was
actually really fast and easy for us and
you know these aren't too bad but we
want to use some weapons that are kind
of a bitch to use like we have the
striker one striker only but I mean
that's a shotgun how hard is that right
blam blam and they're dead the problem
is is that when we're using stuff like
the shotgun even though it's yeah it's
relatively easy there's no long shots
you know I mean there's no you know
sniper shots or anything you got to get
up and close and personal here only that
he would go anyway stay tuned for more
weapon specific and GT elite team
special presentations on guns for mother
and hiya peace